Magic Link support (#43)
nhost/docs: src/pages/auth/passwordless-authentication.mdx

---
title: "Magic Link Authentication"
---

> Magic Link Authentication allows users to register/log in without the use of a password. Instead, they receive a one-time link in their email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magic Link Authentication allows users to register/log in without a password. Instead, they receive a one-time link via email that redirects to the application. Upon clicking the link, the user is authenticated.
```
